I'm tired of hearing this cuz it's not
true. Sitting is the new smoking.
Sitting is not the problem. How you sit
is the problem. You might assume this is
causing your neck pain and your back
hurts because you look like a shrimp.
But no, tell me how your neck and back
feels after 1 hour of holding perfect
posture. Well, it's kind of funny
because even after a minute or two,
you're already going to start to feel
uncomfortable. And if you're like me,
sitting in any position is uncomfortable
because you have spinal arthritis.
Anyway, motion is lotion. Posture isn't
the problem. Lack of movement is. So,
make a habit of every 5 to 10 minutes
changing your posture. And if you're a
stiffer person in general, you're going
to need a routine to help you out with
that, which I made for free, by the way.
>> Free?
>> Yeah, free. It's in my bio. One day,
moving your neck to its fullest range of
motion might not be in the cards for
you. And that day came for me. I can't
even remember the last time I actually
had a full range of motion because I
just took it for granted. It's hard to
remember all the little things in life
that you take for granted, but try and
remember a few of them every once in a
while and be grateful. You'll feel
better about it. Stay flexy.